Previously on fire country...
Don't let the rodeo end.
Go show her who you are.
Did you just re-match me?
- Want to get a bite sometime?
- You guys.
let's shake and make up.
I figured if anyone's
going on mayday calls
and rescuing injured
firefighters. it ought to be you.
Welcome to the team. bode coyote.
As Cal fire captain. I called
in my recommendation
- to get Violet the job.
- My god.
Is it that bad?
My boyfriend called to
influence the decision
of my prospective
employer's choice to hire me.
I get it now.
Pretending to look
out for Tyler just to steal
my girl.
Keep running your mouth.
You're not gonna like how this ends.
I wouldn't underestimate me. Leone.
It doesn't end well. in my experience.
Jamal.
Our rems team ain't losing
its leader. You stay with us.
Trying.
It's all rock and shale under here...
digging's gonna take a minute. Rocco.
Fire's burning down fast.
We have to do the
lift-a-log chainsaw technique.
Yep.
Just us and the big Poles.
Wedges in your pants?
Better than a backpack.
You been practicing your bore cuts?
Sure have.
Ready?
All right.
Careful. Watch his legs.
Fire.
Come on. Jamal.
He's stable. Let's go.
You're all right. man. You're all right.
Up.
Right after Eleanor took
that captain off on a utv.
a tree fell on Jamal. a huge one.
He's lucky to have
gotten out of there alive.
I didn't think rems would
mean rems-ing our own team.
- And any updates on -Tyler's trial?
- Yeah.
His lawyer says that.
your victim statement's
gonna be a game changer in court.
Division chief saying
that Tyler's just a kid
who made a mistake.
shouldn't have to pay for it
like an adult goes a long ways.
Well. I'm gonna cross fingers
that he gets juvie and then...
Time off for good behavior.
Crossing fingers for Chloe. too.
Chief Leone? This came for you.
Thank you.
God.
I forgot about these.
What's that?
Wow.
Tickets to a women of
country music concert.
Your dad and I ordered
them months ago.
I'm happy to be your plus-one now.
If you could see anyone
on this tour. who would it be?
Who wouldn't I want to see?
Mostly 'cause non no says
he dated. like. half of 'em.
- Walter told you that?
- Yeah.
Yeah. he said he used to
go to this little bar in San Jose.
Acts would come through. so he'd...
Buy whiskey for his
favorite ones and then...
That did not happen.
And then. next thing he knew.
he and whoever were leaving
that little bar for a little motel.
Come on. That definitely did not happen.
All right. well. you know.
the ladies at his new memory care place
call him the Italian stallion for a reason.
I don't know. I'm just saying. His words.
Voilà. Looking good.
Might want to clean up
behind his ears a little bit.
- What?
- Yeah. I don't want to be
- all scraggly back there.
- All right. all right.
Got to keep it pretty for ace.
- That's not... I didn't...
- That's not...
Didn't even say that.
- Manny.
- Hey.
Yo. thank you so much for helping out.
You. bode. Jake tagging in
is just really saving my ass.
How's George doing?
He's getting there.
But I got to keep running
the ranch until he gets better.
You good for the grade project today?
Yeah. Wouldn't miss it.
Hell yeah. baby!
Edgewater local market.
Come on.
- Think they got tri-tip?
- Man. you know
they got girls there.
Or we're just gonna get
three rock's eggs and produce.
In and out.
- Okay. Look. y'all.
- There you go.
You know how important
this project is. right?
Because we're trying to prove
that three rock is sustainable.
So we got to keep that up.
So y'all gonna go out and get some eggs
while me and Manny work
on the pricing. all right?
- Cool.
- Okay. Yeah. we can...
- we can go get some eggs. Yeah.
- We can do that.
Man. Look at this.
These guys have really
made this place their own.
- haven't they?
- I know.
So. what I was thinking
for the grade project was
we want to keep the pricing
affordable for the community.
but then we don't want to undercut
the value of what we've done.
Because these eggs right
here... they are so good.
And hartman...
hartman. he is so good for going and g...
I'm sorry.
Were you saying something?
Yeah. I was.
You know. but now I'm... not.
Since you're over here
grinning at your phone.
'cause you texting
Dr. Rodeo. medicine woman.
- Forget about it.
- Yeah.
Camille. That's her name.
Well. look at that...
Mr. Manny Perez got himself
- a little lady friend.
- All right. all right.
We haven't seen each
other since the rodeo.
Just been texting.
phone calls. you know?
Trying to get to know
each other through this.
Well. it's time
to meet irl.
What's that?
I-In real life.
Yep.
Which we're gonna be doing today.
But...?
I mean. come on. I
haven't done this in a while.
Definitely not since
the last time I got out.
She doesn't know anything about that.
Doesn't even know how I
got in here in the first place.
So you haven't told her
that you were incarcerated.
I mean. come on. h-how do... how
do you drop something like that?
When do you drop something like that?
- Day one?
- I mean.
that window's already
closed. so... One week in?
That's a little too soon.
Yeah? Right?
- A month in?
- Wh... I mean.
if you gonna wait that long.
it just turns into a dirty little secret.
So then what's the answer?
Man... The answer is...
That you. sir. are in a little bit of a pickle.
Yeah.
Thanks. A lot.
- It's game time.
- It's true. - No. it's...
All right. will you all explain to me
why we are doing this
while y'all get to do that?
- Shh.
- Because Chloe and I made lunch.
Okay.
See. now I see why...
Having a child would be a good thing...
so they do the damn dishes.
When is Tyler coming back?
When he's done practicing
for trial with his lawyer.
- That was good.
- Trust me.
you don't want to leave
a teenager in charge
of anything relating to cleanliness.
- Damn it.
- Well.
Violet and I. we like
to clean while we cook.
We like to do both together.
Yeah. I can't really tell
if that's cute or gross.
- No. it's cute.
- It's gross.
Yes! Yes.
- Aha. Take that. Leone.
- I did.
Y'all are so cute. it's gross.
Anyways. real talk though.
how is the... Jiolet home?
- Okay. no.
- "Jiolet"?
- No. That's not good.
- That didn't... okay.
- how about "vake"?
- Ooh. worse.
Great. Shipper names
aside. how are the new digs?
Well. temporary digs.
But. yeah. I mean. it's great.
You know. except for
the curveball that us dating
is a conflict of interest at her new job.
What are you doing about that?
Nothing. Well.
at least until the official offer comes in.
That's healthy denial.
Well. look. honestly. I
don't know what else to do.
I mean. I keep going
over it in my head. right?
And this is Violet's dream job.
So she can't not take it.
And I'm obviously not
gonna quit Cal fire. so...
Denial.
Why don't you just pretend
that you guys aren't dating?
Hands in the air! No one move!
Hey. yo. what the hell?!
This is a mistake. We're firefighters.
Jake and me. we're captains.
Yeah. Station 42. Look. call.
Call the sheriff. She's my aunt.
You don't want to be the firefighter
giving orders to a deputy.
Bode. I don't understand.
Chloe. just do what they say.
Let the deputies do their job.
What are you looking for?
And why are you here?
You and your son Tyler...
you been staying here?
Ye... this is about Tyler?
We got a call about gunshots
and screaming children
coming from this apartment.
What? No. No.
we're-we're fine. We're just staying here
until Tyler's trial. and he's...
He's with his lawyer right now.
I'm sorry. I just don't know
why this happened. These
are... these are our friends.
Clear.
No signs of weapons or struggle.
Neighbors haven't heard anything.
You can uncuff 'em.
Crawford.
Your name's on the lease?
Yeah.
Yeah. bode here's my roommate.
Eve... she came over just for lunch.
Wh-who-who said that
they heard gunshots?
Anonymous tip.
Yeah. Well. you can
obviously see that's not true.
Of course it's not.
We got swatted.
Swatted?
Calling in a false claim. like a prank.
Except it's dangerous.
Because police have guns
and people can get hurt.
She's right.
And if that's what
happened here. it's illegal.
Know anyone who's got it out for you?
Got a pretty good guess.
His name's Landon Heller.
He's my ex.
Yeah. Not a good guy.
And now everyone knows it.
so he's... he's acting
like a cornered animal.
I think he's trying to rattle
us before my son's trial.
Well. you let us handle looking into him.
In the meantime. you all stay safe.
If Landon's willing to SWAT
us. we got to get in front of
whatever insane crap he might pull next.
Who wouldn't want to
be married to a doctor?
- I mean. come on.
- Well. my ex.
Who said... and I quote. and I quote...
"going to medical school
at your age is unhinged."
Wow.
And now you're on hinge.
- Exactly. Exactly.
- See what I did?
Okay. Your turn.
Tell me something
terrible about your ex-wife.
Okay.
- Roberta. That's her name.
- Okay.
But it wasn't really like that for us.
- No?
- Nah.
Nah. even after we had our daughter.
we were just really volatile. you know?
Storming off into the night.
slamming doors... that kind of stuff.
- That's so cool.
- I-I just think we got together
so young. we had to break
up so that we could grow up.
Did you?
Did you grow up?
Like to think we did.
Well. I... I'm no stranger
to adrenaline. obviously.
I... In addition to bull
riding. I used to skydive.
- Wow.
- Yeah. No. I know.
Yeah. it's quite the history.
What?
Nothing.
You know what. no. it's-it's not nothing.
I have to tell you something.
If you're actually still
married to the door slammer.
we're gonna have a real problem here.
I've been in prison.
Sorry... Sorry. that wasn't... you don't...
right. It was Grand Theft Auto.
Not that the details are
gonna help out in any way.
You do no... you don't have to...
I know it's a lot to take in on a first date.
- Yeah.
- Or is it... or is this the second?
Yeah. it's-it's our first.
I got to go.
I promised three rock
that I would help them out
with the local market.
And...
Look. I-I know that it's a lot.
It's a lot to take in.
And... I don't know. just think about it.
Or don't.
But if it's a deal breaker.
you know. just let me know.
- No.
- Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
I'm-I'm not here to
fight. Can we just talk?
Is that what you're doing?
Yeah. coming here alone.
without warning. to talk?
We know that you called the cops.
But I don't want a war and I
don't think that you do either.
Let's... let's just agree
to leave each other alone.
Did your mom leave me alone
when she turned everyone
against me at the rodeo?
Or how about when my
school put me on unpaid leave?
I'm already out a
house 'cause of that kid.
Now. 'cause of you damn
leones. I'm out of a job. too.
Those are your messes. Landon.
Were they all mine?
The fire?
I guess we'll see
about that at Tyler's trial.
Why would you even be there?
The prosecution asked.
I answered. I'm gonna
be a witness for them.
Against Tyler.
I figure it's my civic duty
to let the community know
that little pyro kept a
closet full of fire starters.
Little notebooks where
he scribbled pieces
of his manifesto.
That-that is a load of
crap. and you know it.
It's so sad. really.
I warned Chloe about him. but...
Moms just don't want to believe
their own kid's a monster.
You don't have any proof.
Only because his notebooks burned up
in the fire he started.
I'm not gonna let you ruin Tyler's life.
It's called justice. bode.
Yo. this is sick.
All right. let's go. y'all.
Is that tri-tip?
Say that's tri-tip.
Just one bite.
- Hartman.
- Dude.
Keep moving.
Stop staring at the ladies.
- They don't like that.
- I'm not staring at them.
I'm... looking at this.
I mean. how many kinds of olive
oil does one person really need?
- All right.
- Know what I mean?
Come on. Come. Let's
just... Smell my hands.
Bro. no. not again.
- That is nasty.
- No. no. no. It's lotion.
They got free samples
back there. Just smell this.
- Smells good.
- Didn't I tell you not to touch anything?
- It was free.
- I don't care if it's free.
I said don't touch anything. Let's go.
- Okay.
- You too.
Here is our booth.
Damn it.
- What's up?
- It's the ranch.
Goat busted out again.
Neighbor's gonna lose it.
Last time. he got baby
goats he didn't ask for.
So I got to deal with this.
- I got you.
- You sure?
Yeah. That's why I'm here.
All right. Thanks. bud.
- Smell my hands.
- Come on. Hey. hey. hey. hey. - Hey.
Okay.
Keep yourself to yourself.
Nobody wants you
all up in their business.
You know. the hand
lotion lady was really nice.
Yeah. I'm sure she was.
You know. these people here...
they'll smile at you.
they might even say hello.
But you have to understand
who you are to them.
You're convicts.
And that sucks.
You know?
But that's reality.
So let's go.
Let's get our produce and do our jobs.
Be a gentleman.
Yeah.
Wow. what'd that bag ever do to y'all?
Landon's gonna lie on the stand.
But I'm supposed to
sit back and do nothing.
Yeah. and Violet. she
got her official offer letter.
So. what. we break up?
Yeah. do nothing.
And. no. think bigger.
Station 42. fire reported.
Source unknown.
253 holloway hills.
Holloway hills? That's
all the way up there. right?
Yeah. it's a bunch of open
fields backed up to timber.
Bunch of brush to burn up there.
Yeah. but it should be
pretty easy to put out.
Person who called it in
said it's just a small flame.
Small flame?
Somebody needs to
get their eyes checked.
Vehicles to remain where they are.
Don't need to get any closer to that heat.
Okay. Out here.
gonna give you one guess
what's feeding that thing.
My money's on an orphan oil well.
My money's with your money.
Great.
Easy day at the office.
Looks like the gate to hell.
Yeah. well.
let's hope we contain this
thing before it gets biblical on us.
Let's get lines out for exposures.
All right. How do we knock it down?
We don't.
No direct fire access.
Greencrest. division 1501.
We have ignition on an
uncontrolled fuel release
on an orphan oil well.
I need a blowout team and
a well service contractor.
Copy. 1501.
Orphan?
I mean. who just leaves an oil well open?
When I was growing up in edge water.
there were oil derricks everywhere.
One of my first calls
was to a fire at a well.
All right. well. what'd you do to put it out?
Nothing. They have specialists
exactly for this reason.
There are houses and a
school half a mile from here.
We can't let it burn.
Of course not.
Our job is containment.
There is a specialist
that's gonna come
out and put this fire out
and another one that's gonna cap it.
So. until then. have your guys
watch the embers for spot fires.
Hey. We got life over here.
- J. I'm on it.
- Yeah.
Just yell if you need anything.
Containment.
Whoa. whoa. hey. Try to stay still.
Gonna check you out.
Did you hit your head?
No. noggin's okay.
Pretty sure I sprained my ankle. though.
Wrist is messed-up. too.
When the... That oil well went up.
I got knocked down
and it rolled right over me.
Greencrest. firefighter 1568.
- Got one patient. mid-60s.
- Hey.
Early 60s.
Name's Ollie.
He's conscious.
Vitals are stable.
Left wrist. right ankle injury.
Copy. 1568.
- Dispatching ambulance to your location.
- All right.
What... You got on this fire?
Well. right there is a super emitter well.
Means it's... Spitting out
more than 22k of methane
and residual oil.
Yeah.
You can't put out earth's
flamethrower with water.
- Gate to hell.
- Yeah.
That's why they called us "hell fighters."
Hold up.
- You capped oil Wells?
- Yeah.
Overseas.
Used to be my career.
Now it's a retirement hobby.
I find orphans like this and do it myself.
Except this time. man. I
dropped my water bottle.
It's plastic.
Skittered over the gravel to the well.
Hot and dry like this.
must have picked up
some static electricity.
Yeah.
Built a big charge. too.
When I went to pick it up.
I braced my hand on
the metal casing and...
there she went.
I'm glad I didn't park right up close.
Wouldn't have gone well for my truck.
Yeah. No doubt.
Can't believe these things
are just laying around.
Yeah. well. let me put it this way.
Nine million people in this
country live a mile from one.
Most don't even know it.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
You feel that?
I think we need to move back.
Yeah. The hot zone on
this thing's getting wider.
I think we all need to get back.
How many eggs you break already. ace?
Boy. these carrots really do
- look like a rainbow.
- Yeah. go for it.
Father Pascal. How are you. man?
Good to see you. Yeah. these
carrots -good to see you. too.
Are pretty cool. It's all
in the name. right there.
- What's this one?
- Atomic red.
- And... - These...
- Those are bambino orange.
- Hey. Camille.
- Am I right?
Dead-on.
Do you have a minute?
Cosmic purple.
Lunar white. The sweetest.
Go with those. Ace.
will you please take
care of father Pascal?
Hello. ace. I think I will
take... I got a minute now.
So. you were honest with me.
and I did not have a great reaction.
- I told you. it's fine...
- Manny. let me just say this.
When I was a kid. we lived pretty large.
We had a-a big house and...
And y-you know. like.
gardeners and people
who cleaned up after us.
- Wow.
- And... And then my dad got busted.
For. you know. a-a white-collar crime.
and. all that went away.
And when you said you'd
been incarcerated. it...
Freaked you out. Look.
i-I'm sorry about that.
It freaked me out. yeah.
- But it wasn't my intention...
- No. no. that's my suff.
That's my stuff. Okay?
And it's not fair to put on you.
So. if you don't want to run away now...
I'd like to get to know more about you.
You sure?
Yeah. Try me.
All right.
Hey. spot fire.
Mully. Stretch that line out.
Jake!
- What you got?
- Yeah. well.
the spot fires are out. for now.
but this wind. low humidity...
It's setting off sparks.
We got to put out that well fire.
No. Nope. We wait
for the experts. Not us.
Come on.
That-that thing hits the
tree line. it's gonna be bad.
We only touch that thing as a last resort.
Because the fire I worked as a probie
sent my captain to the I.C.U for weeks.
'cause he didn't know how to handle it.
just like we don't.
Greencrest. holloway I.C.
Wind has picked up.
What's the status of my support?
Stand by. holloway I.C.
We'll get updated.
Let's see. as far as
the Grand Theft Auto.
it was more than one vehicle.
A lot. actually.
I mean. I also lived in one.
You know that. I'm in
recovery for the booze already.
But the new part is... I
was a gambling addict.
And that wasn't a very smooth road.
- Still isn't.
- Manny.
What? I-I got a lot of
things that I'm not proud of.
and. you know. things
that I'm still working through.
That's-that's... That's not what I meant.
I... was just trying to be honest with you.
Yeah. sure.
but I'm... I'm asking
about the present you.
Like. your hobbies and.
like. your-your family
and-and work and all
that... and then you...
You just shoved your rap sheet at me.
- and-and I'm...
- No...
And I'm like. "okay. well. if..." I got to ask
if this is your way of telling
me that you're not into this.
then I guess that's fine.
but I'd really like to know...
Are you even listening to me?
Manny?
Hold that thought. I mean. I got to go.
Where's hartman?
Hartman. Where's he at?
Right.
Water's getting low.
Still no available tenders?
Yeah. that's a hard no.
And that 200's not gonna last long.
- Negative.
- That team's based in Sacramento.
I understand. but respectfully.
you're gonna have to expedite things.
Copy. holloway I.C.
Hey. chief. What's the word?
The specialists that are
gonna cap it are on their way.
they'll be here shortly.
but they can't do anything
until the fire's out.
Those experts are six hours away. still.
We're on our own.
And night's coming.
I.c.. firefighter 1568.
Spot fires have spread about
200 yards from the perimeter.
Wind's picked up some burning embers.
It's just gonna keep happening.
Copy. Let me know if you
need additional resources.
You said we go after
that oil well as a last resort.
It's starting to feel like we're there.
Chief.
Okay. bode. you're right.
We're gonna have to do this on our own.
Jake. have your crew
adjust nozzles for a fog spray.
I'm gonna need more context than that.
I mean. that is not enough
to knock down a well fire.
No. it's to shield you so
you can get closer to it.
There's only one way
to knock down this fire.
We deprive it of oxygen.
You mean blow it up.
We're gonna walk a tight line.
You got to get close enough
so the explosion shock wave takes it out.
but we cannot put a blasting
cap on right in the heat.
Okay. look. chief. I'm all
for making things go boom.
but last I checked.
we don't have any
explosives on the engines.
Yeah. but red adair does.
Still licensed.
Emulsion explosives
up there in my truck.
I'm on it.
Hartman.
I'm not asking...
- Then go. Then go.
- Yeah.
- It's unbelievable. It's unbelievable.
- No. she just cares about
the produce. that's all.
Don't give me that. They're
not talking heirloom tomatoes.
Chief. she's just. she's
a curious customer...
Don't... stop. just stop. all right?
He already tried that one.
I should've known.
man. I should've known
why you wanted the fresh
haircut. the hand lotions.
That's...
You wanted to come here and
pick someone up. didn't you?
- No. that's not what this is.
- Then what is it?
Do you realize. man.
that you could've screwed
this whole thing up for
three rock? You realize that?
- Yeah.
- And yet you did it anyways.
I told you... I told you...
that you can't just come in
here and expect these people
to know that we're okay.
That we're safe.
You can't just
walk up to somebody
and start hitting on them.
He wasn't just walking up to
someone and hitting on them.
That's hartman's girlfriend.
- What?
- No. not anymore.
She broke up with me.
She said that she couldn't do it anymore.
She can't be with
s-somebody who's locked up.
Bro.
And I'm sorry. chief. and I'm sorry...
And I... it's on me.
Ace didn't do anything.
Go back to the table.
Okay? Go.
Hey. Is everything okay?
No. No. it's not.
I went to get pizza.
and-and there was
this local news reporter
that must have been waiting
for me and he-he followed me.
He wanted to know if-if it's true
that cops were called
on station 42 firefighters
for "endangering a child."
Let me guess... anonymous tip?
Yes.
- It must have been Landon.
- He's trying to discredit
everyone before the trial.
Feel likes no matter what I do.
he's just. he's always gonna be there.
You know. like. I'll have
to look over my shoulder.
for whatever. whatever it
is that he throws at us next.
Listen. Hey.
I will be home in a few hours. okay?
We'll figure this out.
All right?
Okay. Okay.
Hey. h-hey. hey. It's
gonna be all right. chlo.
I promise.
Yeah.
All right. we're good to go.
Ready when bode gets back.
Everything okay?
It's Violet.
You got a plan or you just gonna wait
till things get real bad?
Yeah. I got a plan.
One that Violet's gonna like.
We stop living together.
at least for a while.
Take time apart till we're able
to figure out a long-term solution.
Hey. Got 'em.
Are those the explosives?
Well. they ain't breakfast sausages.
Get in there.
Can you watch these guys?
You...
Hey. Camille.
You stuck around. Hi.
"Hi." that's what you're going with. "Hi."
Well. i-i... don't know what
else you want me to say.
I can't change my past.
I didn't ask you to do that.
I was just trying to get to
know the-the present you.
But then you were all like.
you know. "i-i steal candy from babies
and I throw kittens out of windows."
- so...
- Kittens? Who throws kittens out windows?
- That's-that's crazy.
- All right. look.
My stuff?
I am terrified that it's
gonna push people away.
so here we go. let's do it.
I didn't finish medical
school until I was in my 30s.
My late 30s.
And that's an impressive second act.
- But it's not quite the same...
- Before that. I was waiting tables
and I was riding bulls. and I thought
I was way too old for a second act.
Yeah. but you changed your
mind. and that's really cool.
What's cool is that I'm a doctor now.
- Yeah.
- And what's crummy is that...
I'm-I'm drowning in med school debt.
So. buying a house is out.
Eating at fancy restaurants...
it's off the table.
I don't know. if you want
to go on vacation with me.
I really hope you like camping.
I love camping.
Good.
I get off work in a couple hours.
You want to go bowling?
I do not bowl.
Okay.
- Some other time. then.
- I wasn't...
I wasn't saying no to
you. I was saying no
to other people's gross shoes.
- That makes sense.
- Yeah.
- Cool.
Thank you.
Dude. he bought her a Rose.
Hey. guys. Sorry that took so long.
Okay. chief Perez.
Yo. this man's been locked up twice.
He's not doing half bad.
Gives me hope for y'all.
Chief's got himself a girl.
- She got a nice set of...
- Eyes.
Yeah. no. that's what I was gonna say.
- Nice eyes.
- Okay. I'm-a take it back.
I've lost all hope in y'all.
Okay. pack it up.
What-what... What were you thinking?
All right. you can detonate this remotely.
but the explosives need to
be set close enough to the well
to snuff out the flames.
The good news is emulsion
explosives like this...
don't blow up from heat alone.
What about the blasting caps?
Look...
I'm the one who lit this
up. and I'm the expert here.
I'll walk it in. set it up and detonate it.
Not on that ankle.
- I can do it.
- No. you don't have explosive experience.
I do.
All due respect. D.C. Leone.
I'm the only firefighter here
actually trained in handling explosives.
Besides. if I blow up. it
solves my Violet problem.
Nope. Not funny.
You need someone
on the hose with you.
Fog stream.
You get in there as
fast as you possibly can.
You don't have that much water.
You get in there. you
get as close as you can
you throw it over the well head.
you get both your butts back here.
It's getting hot.
Come on. Come on. Come on. come on.
Come on. guys.
We're not gonna be
able to get much closer.
Yeah. well. it's hard
to see where I'm aiming
through this water.
Maybe try aiming at the big red thing.
Ready to deploy the explosives.
You don't have that much time. boys.
You're gonna have to toss it from here.
- Bad news if I miss.
- So don't miss.
All right.
Wh-when they're clear. I'll detonate.
All right. here she goes.
Run!
Go. bode. go.
Go.
It worked.
You didn't miss the red thing.
Well... Well. we survived that.
You given any more thought
to that whole Landon thing?
No. still trying to figure that out.
Good news. boys.
The specialists capped
the well. and it's gonna hold.
Ollie got lucky somebody saw that flame.
Well-intentioned. but he never
should've been out here alone.
Yeah. good work.
You had fun making things go boom?
Yeah. and now I'm about
to do the same with Violet.
What? No. You're not
supposed to break up.
That's not the solution.
No. it's not.
I found a better solution. like you said.
You know. I realized something.
The conflict of interest...
it's about if we're dating.
Not if we're married.
You're gonna ask her to marry you?
I have to call your mom.
No. Hey... Maybe let me do that?
Okay. good job.
- Aw.
- Hey.
I need to do. I need to do something.
I think it'll go way better if I'm not alone.
What is it?
It's not something you
can tell aunt Mickey about.
Dude. you are asking
for a restraining order.
Here to help. buddy. Okay?
It's moving day.
What? You can't just make me go.
Sure.
That's why you're
gonna leave on your own.
You're a firefighter. You're
supposed to help people.
Yeah. we're here to help you pack.
Yeah. and you're a fan of
busting into people's houses
without an invitation. so... Here we are.
Sheriff's office is all over you.
Yeah. the whole town's in on it. man.
And calling in a fake crime like you did...
we call that swatting.
But the law calls it a felony.
So. consider this your one
free pass to get ahead of it.
By getting the hell out of edge water.
And if you come back
or you lie on the stand.
we'll be coming for you.
And we'll keep coming.
What did you call that... justice?
So. you want to...
Want to invite us in or what?
"Say hi to the ladies from non no."
Good news. Landon's
leaving town. Okay. thank you.
What happened?
You-you okay? Where's Tyler?
Yeah. he. he doesn't know.
That was his lawyer... The
prosecution's star witness
just changed his story.
Landon.
Yeah.
I don't know how you did it. bode.
but Landon just told... Told the truth.
and the D.A.'s offering
the best possible deal.
Minimum sentence. in juvie. no prison.
with time off for good behavior.
Thank you.
Hell of a day for this.
You look ready.
Yeah.
It's weird. though.
All this being decided.
Me owning up to everything.
It's the freest I've felt in a long time.
You know...
I walked through those doors...
not these exact ones.
but some just like it.
When I came out. I was
different. In a good way.
You will be. too.
Just a little warning.
She's gonna cry.
Yeah.
I know.
She'll be all right. though.
You know I got her. yeah?
Tyler.
Thanks for driving us.
Hey. you remember your
crazy ass at Tyler's age?
The writing was on the wall
I'd end up in a place like this.
I mean. even as a kid kid.
you and me at the park?
I mean. you were either
the one climbing up the slide
or going headfirst down it.
More fun that way.
Yeah. till your mom stared yelling.
"bode Leone. if you don't go feet first
down that slide"... scared everybody.
Then she'd turn away.
and there you'd be. right back at it.
B. I got word about rems.
Jamal?
Is he okay?
No. he's gonna be good.
But he's stepping back.
And your team's gonna
need a new leader.
I should go for it.
Now. look... Some
people. they'd tell you that
there's easier things you could do.
Hell. safer. too.
Headfirst. right?
Bode Leone.
Captioning sponsored by and Toyota.
Captioned by media access
group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org